once upon a time a woman went to the
store to go shopping she had a list made
up and knew exactly what she wanted and
we're in the story she needed to go get
it
when she arrived at the checkout lane
she was a happy and satisfied customer
she had found everything on her list
where she expected and for a good value
the store had met her expectations
providing her what she wanted where she
expected it and for a price she could
afford so why was this a missed
opportunity for the store if the woman
had gone to a store utilizing tyloo
wireless technology systems the
experience would have looked more like
this when the woman in our story entered
the store she would have received a
message on her phone welcoming her and
asking her based on her shopping records
and preferences as well as the store's
current marketing promotions if she has
enough cereal having a large family that
eats a lot of cereal she makes an
unplanned stop in Aisle 7 to pick up two
boxes of cereal in addition to some Pop
Tarts and Renault lavars something sweet
for the kids something healthy for her
as she continued her shopping experience
she receives another message a promotion
on storage media for digital cameras
having recently purchased a digital
camera at the same store she was in need
of a larger storage card for all the
pictures and video games she was taking
up her kids soccer games so when this
customer arrived at the checkout lane
not only had she found everything she
had originally came in for she had made
additional purchases if items she wanted
and needed because the store knew her
shopping habits based on her preferences
and purchase history she left even more
happy and satisfied with her shopping
experience and the store had greatly
increased its sales and enhanced its
value to its marketing partners tyloo
wireless technology is about identifying
a specific person in a specific space
automatically recognizing them and
providing them with personalized
information to improve their shopping
experience
and increase store revenues it enables
companies to capture missed
opportunities and generates incremental
sales revenue and profit tyloo wireless
technology is carrier agnostic and does
not require the downloading of an
application it simply requires a
customer to opt in one time to store
related messages promotions sales and
more all based on the customers
individual preferences and shopping
history integrating easily with customer
loyalty programs
tyloo wireless technology is applicable
in an endless number of ways from
department stores to retail outlets
grocery stores coffee shops malls
boutiques hotels car rental companies
casinos and much more a leader in
message based mobile advertising
tyloo wireless technologies empower
stores to more efficiently drive revenue
by more effectively connecting to their
customers one on one learn more about
tyloo wireless technology today by
visiting our website at www.att.com/biz
you